DOC mimevalidator is a part of core (#40)
silverstripe/silverstripe-mimevalidator: README.md

Install with composer by running `composer require silverstripe/mimevalidator` in the root of your SilverStripe project.

Silverstripe CMS Recipe 4.6 and above include this module via `silverstripe/recipe-core`.

> Therefore, it is unnecessary to directly install this module if your project has been upgraded to,

Reviewer: This isn't quite right - any project that directly uses a module should be declaring it in their own project's `composer.json`. If they aren't directly using it (and just relying on the core's use of it) then this applies

Author: Sorry, I'm not sure I'm following. That's now in core, similar to `silverstripe/assets`, for example.
Users don't have to require it explicitly on the application level anymore, if they use CMS Recipes as base for the application.

Install with composer by running `composer require silverstripe/mimevalidator` in the root of your SilverStripe project.

> This module is a part of the `silverstripe/recipe-core:^4.6.0`. Thus, it comes out of the box with default silverstripe installations.
> You do not have to install it explicitly, starting with `silverstripe/installer:4.6.0`. An upgrade from the older versions will also install it automatically.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`mimevalidator` is included out of the box via `silverstripe/recipe-core` as of Silverstripe CMS Recipe 4.6.
It is therefore no longer necessary to directly install this module if your project has been upgraded to, or was
created with, CMS 4.6.0 or later.
```

Author: How about
```
Silverstripe CMS Recipe 4.6 and above include this module via `silverstripe/recipe-core`.
Therefore, it is unnecessary to directly install this module if your project has been upgraded to,
or was created with CMS Recipe 4.6.0 or later.
```
